This is my announcement.
The chairperson runs his business abroad all year round
After 20 years of hard work
Finally put Huatai Group
To the throne of the world's first market capitalization
Now the chairperson is old
And a suitable successor has been found
At today's dinner party
The chairperson will announce his successor
I heard that the chairperson of Huacan Group
It is notoriously ruthless abroad
Right? Anyone who messes with him?
Guns become vegetative
Or you'll die.
No way, it's not cruel enough.
Can't become the richest man in the world
The chairperson of Huacan Group will be here soon.
You two impersonate him
If you don't run again
I'm afraid it's a dead end
Oh, sister, the two of them will be dead soon.
Why do you speak for them?
Who dies and who lives
Don't forget you until the last moment
that
I hope that when the chairperson of Huacan Group comes later
Your mouth can still be that hard
Now the chairperson has arrived at the scene
Let's give a round of applause to the chairperson and heirs
take the stage